hello everybody and no video for
show a little respect for hair
It's because these go through the
people that we can get one to die
with what is the doll hair that can
to be smooth is fine and thin is
unfortunately that does not exist we have
a hobby head that is here and if champion
hair and 100% judgment
but he is a hair I did not
was put into quantity
he does not have this handsome finish
Luis I'll show you
for example how it gets in a little
amount
he is thin
still in our technique he still
Thick he stay here
budgeted is what we call a
look for the third
this hair is an opaque hair
then explained that the paws she is ultra
fine but even so it will also have
will stay the state all hair
I'm dead, it's cold, we're all
hair
this hair that dies is down
ultra thin it also has frizz
he is a wavy hair that after
cut fine dinho
reaches the maximum that it is from here
it is not surpassing anything one side
paisinho but he is a hair that gives
for us to leave as free as possible
Of course if I play now sprinkle it
I went with the vine brush and I did it
all that
outside the American and European artists
nex-5 if you are the photo
So you're going to give babies at home no
will be with him the whole time so the
Guys, this is very important to you.
understand how things are that how to
people work hard
transparency it is important that you
know that the die is made of Garlon
little debora bloch and alan
It's not smooth so I need
show why what happens in all
me and they will all show another look only
They are all going to have flowers, you see.
they'll all have it even if I limp it
Now, do it with your little school and leave it alone.
dry and then I go with this little brush
he'll be as close as possible
however he will have done from the
The moment you moved on it, it will
cooler're still seeing here just to
Let's finish it and I'll make another video.
to show him die
look at that here the topix and thirst
both speak so much picture post that he is
The elisio thing and such he has enough
curl understanding the change of combing
how we work hard
transparency then we'll go
showing the reality about dying is
that after you do not riboli I'm not
at home thinking about asking a baby with
straight hair and received a baby with
hair with frizz and be happy everybody
gets him to think years with us it is
a way for you to play too
interacting with your beautiful baby is then
one thing to lose grace is still
it gives even more grace only the
important even if you know how to
I die and that I die for example is
a hair that presents quite happy
also
until the next video